Index #:
1. "CREATE INDEX idx_name_onUsers ON users (name)" -- This is a beneficial indec because we query the users
separately from their the sales info.  This means Sales are queried separately by user, so in the WHERE
we search by the user name.  Because the user name is used frequently and it is not a key, it is beneficial
to set an index on it.

2. "CREATE INDEX idx_role_onUsers ON users (role)" -- The index on user role is important when we query the
users because we only pull information from customers.  So we have to filer by the role of the user, and 
the role attribute is TEXT.  So it's valuable to place and index on role because it is a TEXT attribute only.

3. "CREATE INDEX idx_state_onUsers ON users (state)" -- Although the state attribute is a INTEGER referencing
and primary key, it does not have the quick look up capability of a key.  And, if we filter by states, we
query all the states before the sales info.  Then the sales info is queries separately by state, so 
state is seen in the where clause and an index on it would speed up the query time.

4. "CREATE INDEX idx_name_onCategories ON categories (name)" -- The filter drop down has a category filter, so
the category name is definately seen in the query where clause.  If no category is choosen, then the index
would not be beneficial, however because only the user can specify if a category filter is chosen, it is
beneficial to place an index on the cateogry name.

5. "CREATE INDEX idx_cid_onProducts ON products (cid)" -- cid is an INTEGER referencing an id and is used
to make sure the product is of the correct category.  This means anytime a product is queried, this must
be present in the where clause.  Therefore, this is a very beneficial attribute to place an index on.

6. "CREATE INDEX idx_uid_onSales ON sales (uid)" -- uid is also an INTEGER referencing an id and it 
checks to make sure the sale was made by the proper person.  This means this has to be present when
we query teh sales, unless the states filter is choosen.  This will be seen often in the where clause of
the queries, so it is a beneficial index.

7. "CREATE INDEX idx_pid_onSales ON sales (pid)" -- pid is an INTEGER referencing an id and it checks
to make sure the sale was of the correct product.  Just like uid it is always in the where clause, so
an index on it is important for speeding up the query time.
